README.md, before:

# Hey, I’m Ayush Agrawal! 👋

<img src="./images/Hand coding-bro.png" width="32%" alt="vector" align="right">

[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Montserrat&color=blue&vCenter=true&lines=Backend+Developer+🧑‍💻;Blockchain+Developer+⛓🔒;Coder+💻;Problem+Solver+🔨;)](https://git.io/typing-svg)

<img height=0 width=0 src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=A91y&style=flat-square&color=blue" alt="Profile views"/>
<div align = "left">

👀 I am an AI, Backend, and Blockchain enthusiast\
🤖 Currently practicing Blockchain and its applications\
🫂 Looking for collaborators on DeFi, NFT, and utility-based projects\
📖 I'm seeking internship opportunities in Blockchain & Backend fields\
📫 ayush.agr254@gmail.com\
🕸️ [My Portfolio](https://ayushagr.me/)

</div>
<br>
<br>
<br>

<div id="badges" align = "center">

  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ayushagr91/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0072b1?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn Badge"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/ayushagr91">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white" alt="Twitter Badge"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/ayushagr91/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white" alt="Instagram Badge"/>
  </a>

</div>

<br>

## Tech Stack 👩‍💻

### Languages and tools I work with

<div align="center">
  <img height="55" alt="python" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/python/python.png">
  <img width="75" alt="git" src="./images/git.png">
  <img height="50" alt="c" src="https://fekir.info/img/c-logo.png">
  <img height="53" alt="html" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/5c058a388828bb5fde0bcafd4bc867b5bb3f26f3/topics/html/html.png">
  <img height="53" alt="css" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png"> 
  <img height="45" alt="js" src="./images/js.png">
  <img height="45" alt="ts" src="./images/ts.png">
  <img height="60" alt="Java" src="./images/java.png">
  <img height="45" alt="nodejs" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png">
  <img height="45" alt="react" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/react/react.png">
  <img height="45" alt="docker" src="./images/docker.png">
  <img height="45" alt="rust" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/rust/rust.png">
  <img height="45" alt="solidity" src="./images/solidity_logo.svg">
  <img height="45" alt="tact" src="./images/tact.png">
</div>

### Libraries I specialize in

<div align="center">

![Anchor](https://img.shields.io/badge/Anchor-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Anchor&logoColor=white)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Django&logoColor=white)
![Numpy](https://img.shields.io/badge/Numpy-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Numpy&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flask&logoColor=white)
![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Streamlit&logoColor=white)
![Web3](https://img.shields.io/badge/Web3-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Web3&logoColor=white)
![Truffle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Truffle-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Truffle&logoColor=white)
![Ganache](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ganache-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Ganache&logoColor=white)
![OpenZeppelin](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenZeppelin-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=OpenZeppelin&logoColor=white)
![Hardhat](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hardhat-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Hardhat&logoColor=white)
![Ethers](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ethers-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Ethers&logoColor=white)
![IPFS](https://img.shields.io/badge/IPFS-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=IPFS&logoColor=white)
![Blueprint](https://img.shields.io/badge/Blueprint-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Blueprint&logoColor=white)

[![Ayush's GitHub | Dependencies](https://stats.quine.sh/A91y/dependencies?theme=dark)](https://quine.sh?utm_source=widgets&utm_campaign=A91y)

</div>

## Profile Stats 📈

<div align="center">

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=A91y&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide=jupyter%20notebook&size_weight=0.5&count_weight=0.5)](https://github.com/A91y?tab=repositories)

![Ayush's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=A91y&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight)

</div>

[![An image of @a91y's Holopin badges, which is a link to view their full Holopin profile](https://holopin.me/a91y)](https://holopin.io/@a91y)

<!---
A91y/A91y is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

feat: added projects I'm currently working on

README.md, after:

# Hey, I’m Ayush Agrawal! 👋

<img src="./images/Hand coding-bro.png" width="32%" alt="vector" align="right">

[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Montserrat&color=blue&vCenter=true&lines=Backend+Developer+🧑‍💻;Blockchain+Developer+⛓🔒;Coder+💻;Problem+Solver+🔨;)](https://git.io/typing-svg)

<img height=0 width=0 src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=A91y&style=flat-square&color=blue" alt="Profile views"/>
<div align = "left">

👀 I am an AI, Backend, and Blockchain enthusiast\
🤖 Currently practicing Blockchain and its applications\
🫂 Looking for collaborators on DeFi, NFT, and utility-based projects\
📖 I'm seeking internship opportunities in Blockchain & Backend fields\
📫 ayush.agr254@gmail.com\
🕸️ [My Portfolio](https://ayushagr.me/)

</div>
<br>
<br>
<br>

<div id="badges" align = "center">

  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ayushagr91/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0072b1?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn Badge"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/ayushagr91">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white" alt="Twitter Badge"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/ayushagr91/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white" alt="Instagram Badge"/>
  </a>

</div>

<br>

## Tech Stack 👩‍💻

### Languages and tools I work with

<div align="center">
  <img height="55" alt="python" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/python/python.png">
  <img width="75" alt="git" src="./images/git.png">
  <img height="50" alt="c" src="https://fekir.info/img/c-logo.png">
  <img height="53" alt="html" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/5c058a388828bb5fde0bcafd4bc867b5bb3f26f3/topics/html/html.png">
  <img height="53" alt="css" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png"> 
  <img height="45" alt="js" src="./images/js.png">
  <img height="45" alt="ts" src="./images/ts.png">
  <img height="60" alt="Java" src="./images/java.png">
  <img height="45" alt="nodejs" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png">
  <img height="45" alt="react" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/react/react.png">
  <img height="45" alt="docker" src="./images/docker.png">
  <img height="45" alt="rust" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/rust/rust.png">
  <img height="45" alt="solidity" src="./images/solidity_logo.svg">
  <img height="45" alt="tact" src="./images/tact.png">
</div>

### Libraries I specialize in

<div align="center">

![Anchor](https://img.shields.io/badge/Anchor-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Anchor&logoColor=white)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Django&logoColor=white)
![Numpy](https://img.shields.io/badge/Numpy-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Numpy&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flask&logoColor=white)
![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Streamlit&logoColor=white)
![Web3](https://img.shields.io/badge/Web3-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Web3&logoColor=white)
![Truffle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Truffle-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Truffle&logoColor=white)
![Ganache](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ganache-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Ganache&logoColor=white)
![OpenZeppelin](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenZeppelin-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=OpenZeppelin&logoColor=white)
![Hardhat](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hardhat-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Hardhat&logoColor=white)
![Ethers](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ethers-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Ethers&logoColor=white)
![IPFS](https://img.shields.io/badge/IPFS-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=IPFS&logoColor=white)
![Blueprint](https://img.shields.io/badge/Blueprint-royalblue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Blueprint&logoColor=white)

[![Ayush's GitHub | Dependencies](https://stats.quine.sh/A91y/dependencies?theme=dark)](https://quine.sh?utm_source=widgets&utm_campaign=A91y)

</div>

## Projects I'm Currently Working On 🚀

- [Octasol](https://github.com/octasol/octasol)
  : A blockchain based trustless bounty platform for open-source projects.
- [Ludic](https://github.com/LudicFun/ludic.fun)
  : A blockchain based gaming platform for NFTs and DeFi.

## Profile Stats 📈

<div align="center">

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=A91y&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide=jupyter%20notebook&size_weight=0.5&count_weight=0.5)](https://github.com/A91y?tab=repositories)

![Ayush's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=A91y&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight)

</div>

[![An image of @a91y's Holopin badges, which is a link to view their full Holopin profile](https://holopin.me/a91y)](https://holopin.io/@a91y)

<!---
A91y/A91y is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
